.\" Manpage for git-pr.

.TH "GIT-PR" "1" "2015-10-12" "" "Git Manual"

.SH "NAME"
git-pr \- fetch GitHub's pull requests to local copy


.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBgit pr\fR [\fIrepository\fR] \fIpull_request\fR [\fB\-b\fR \fIbranch\fR]


.SH DESCRIPTION
Fetches a pull request from a remote GitHub repository, and checkouts to
fetched commits when it's done.

By default, a pull request is unattached and the only reference is stored
in \fBFETCH_HEAD\fR. In order to fetch a pull request into separate branch,
the \fB\-b\fR or \fB\-\-branch\fR argument must be passed.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B repository
The "remote" repository that is the source of a pull request. This parameter
can be either a URL or the name of a remote, but in any case it must points
to GitHub repo. If parameter isn't passed, "origin" is assumed.

.TP
.B pull_request
A pull request ID to be fetched.

.TP
.B \-b, \-\-branch \fIname\fR
If passed, a pull request will be fetched into a new branch with a given
\fIname\fR.

.TP
.B \-m, \-\-merge
If passed, a merge commit of a pull request and a branch it's submitted to
will be fetched. Please note, it's possible to fetch merge commits of open
pull requests only.

.TP
.B \-C, \-\-no\-checkout
If passed, no checkout to fetched pull request will occur. The step will
remain up to user.

.SH BUGS
Bug reports can be submitted to <https://github.com/ikalnytskyi/git\-pr/issues>


.SH EXAMPLE
For the following <https://github.com/ikalnytskyi/git-pr/pull/42> pull
request possible use cases might look like:

.TP
.B git pr 42
Fetch pull request with ID=42 from \fBorigin\fR remote.

.TP
.B git pr github 42
Fetch pull request with ID=42 from \fBgithub\fR remote.

.TP
.B git pr 42 \-\-branch pr/42
Fetch pull reqest with ID=42 from \fBorigin\fR remote to the \fBpr/42\fR
local branch.


.SH AUTHORS
Ihor Kalnytskyi <ihor@kalnytskyi.com>


.SH SEE ALSO
git-checkout(1), git-fetch(1), git-pull(1)
